Initial code review for main (#1)
salrashid123/iam_visibility_audit: README.md

## Auditing users for IAM bindings outside of primarily Cloud Organization  

Sample script used identify which users within a [Cloud Organization](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/quickstart-organizations) that may have IAM bindings in projects or organizations outside of a primary cloud org.

For example, `Alice` is a member of Cloud Org `MyDomain`.  Alice has access to projects `A,B,C` within `MyDomain`. 

`Bob` creates a project `D` in Cloud Org `OtherDomain`. `Bob` grants IAM permissions to `Alice `to have access to project `D`.  If `Alice` accepts the invite from `Bob` to use project `D`, `Alice` now has access to a project outside of the primary cloud org domain.

> In another situation, Alice may have created a project early on before the domain `MyDomain` was created.  Later on, an org admin will have to identify and [migrate projects](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/project-migration) into the new domain, `MyDomain`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In another situation, `Alice` may have created a project early on before the domain `MyDomain` was created.  Later on, an org admin will have to identify and [migrate projects](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/project-migration) into the new domain, `MyDomain`.  
```

This script will help identify which projects a user in a domain may have been granted access to external projects or organizations.

> Either way, please review [Restricting project visibility for users](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/access-control-org#restricting_visibility) in combination with [VPC-SC](https://cloud.google.com/vpc-service-controls/docs/overview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Either way, please review [Restricting project visibility for users](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/access-control-org#restricting_visibility) in combination with [VPC-SC](https://cloud.google.com/vpc-service-controls/docs/overview).
```

>> This is not an officially supported Google product

Please note that Google Cloud Support will not identify owners of projects not associated with your OrganizationID.

### How does it work?

This script will:

> 1. Enumerate all projects within a given cloud org

Reviewer: Nit: periods at the end for these.

2. Iterate all users within a Workspace domain tied to the cloud org

> 3. For each user, use _user impersonation_ to identify which organizations he/she has access to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. For each user, use _user impersonation_ to identify which organizations they have access to.
```

> 4. For each user, use _user impersonation_ to identify which projects he/she has access to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. For each user, use _user impersonation_ to identify which projects they have access to.
```

> 5. If the user has access to any other organization thats not in the subject org in #1, print that external org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If the user has access to any other organization that's not in the subject org in #1, print that external org
```

> 6. If the user has access to any other project thats not in the set in #1, print that external project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. If the user has access to any other project that's not in the set in #1, print that external project
```

For more information about Workspace domain delegation and _user impersonation_, see [Authentication Best Practices for Workspace APIs](https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/www.google.com/en//support/enterprise/static/gapps/docs/admin/en/gapps_workspace/Google%20Workspace%20APIs%20-%20Authentication%20Best%20Practices.pdf)

### Usage

To configure this script, you need to have access to act as

* [Google Cloud Platform Organization Admin](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/access-control-org)
* [Google Workspace Domain Admin](https://support.google.com/a/answer/54693)

Once the permissions and configuration below is done, the script will run with ReadOnly/Viewer permissions to run the discovery.  These permissions are needed initially to configure the least-privilege IAM roles the script will ultimately use.

```bash
# select a project that will host the service account
export PROJECT_ID=`gcloud config get-value core/project`
export PROJECT_NUMBER=`gcloud projects describe $PROJECT_ID --format="value(projectNumber)"`
export DOMAIN_ADMIN=`gcloud config get-value core/account`

# acquire the organization ID

> $ gcloud organizations list

Reviewer: Seems funny to put the `$` when this is already `bash`.

Author: oh, its not necessary, i was just trying to show thats' run from a shell

i'll remove it

export SA_CLIENT_ID=`gcloud iam service-accounts describe dwd-sa@$PROJECT_ID.iam.gserviceaccount.com --format="value(uniqueId)"`
echo $SA_CLIENT_ID

# enable impersonation instead of key-download and adapt the workspace AdminAPI to use the impersonated access token
$ gcloud iam service-accounts  add-iam-policy-binding \
  --role=roles/iam.serviceAccountTokenCreator \
  --member=user:$DOMAIN_ADMIN dwd-sa@$PROJECT_ID.iam.gserviceaccount.com

# Alternatively, you can download a key but this is _NOT_ recommended
# gcloud iam service-accounts keys create svc_account.json --iam-account=dwd-sa@$PROJECT_ID.iam.gserviceaccount.com

# Allow service account domain IAM privileges
#   http://cloud.google.com/asset-inventory/docs/access-control#required_permissions

$ gcloud organizations add-iam-policy-binding \
   --member=serviceAccount:dwd-sa@$PROJECT_ID.iam.gserviceaccount.com \
   --role=roles/cloudasset.viewer  $ORGANIZATION_ID
```

Cloud org Domain IAM Binding:

  ![images/domain_iam.png](images/domain_iam.png)

Navigate to the Google Workspace Console and enable [Domain Wide Delegation](https://developers.google.com/admin-sdk/directory/v1/guides/delegation)

> Enter the `$SA_CLIENT_ID` for the service account and these _precise_  scopes

Reviewer: Sad there isn't a `gcloud` command for these steps.

Author: naw, the dwd configuration is really a workspace feature (not in scope of GCP yet)
